#About the project: 

In line with the theme of this year’s Hack-a-thon ‘planting the seed’, we have decided to take on the financial hack challenge with Capital One and created a website called ‘The Goldenrod’ to help users manage their subscriptions. The Goldenrod is a type of wildflower native to North America, symbolic of good luck and financial success. We derived our inspiration from our own experiences of having trouble keeping track of our subscriptions and the associated costs, which accumulate by the month! This website, albeit in its early stages, greatly simplifies this process and transparently displays the list of subscriptions for us to see. 

During the development of this project, we faced many challenges, the greatest being the departure of three teammates due to personal reasons. Instead of succumbing to the pressure of an approaching deadline, we proactively filled in the gaps and redistributed the workload to ensure that we did not lose momentum. As neither of us have set up a database system before, we also explored entirely new territory using applications such as Postman and Studio 3T. Finally, we successfully deployed our project on Microsoft Azure cloud. 

For the front-end, we used the React framework to build the user interface, implementing interactive components such as the ability to add, delete, and edit entries. For the database aspect, we used MongoDB to store and manage the information. We also utilized the runtime environment Node.js, and the web-application framework Express.js to build a server that can handle the HTTP requests.

Throughout this experience, we learned about the holistic process of building a website, especially the front-end and database aspects. It was a significantly steep learning curve for the both of us, as this was not only our first hack-a-thon but also our first time attempting to build a full-stack application. We have gained invaluable skills such as teamwork, collaboration, patience, and resilience.  
